Beautification of Examples (#491)
zenml-io/zenml: CONTRIBUTING.md

# 🧑‍💻 Contributing to ZenML

A big welcome and thank you for considering contributing to ZenML! It’s people like you that make it a reality for users
in our community.

Reading and following these guidelines will help us make the contribution process easy and effective for everyone
involved. It also communicates that you agree to respect the time of the developers managing and developing these open
source projects. In return, we will reciprocate that respect by addressing your issue, assessing changes, and helping
you finalize your pull requests.

## ⚡️ Quicklinks

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    * [Issues](#issues)
    * [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
* [Getting Help](#getting-help)

## 🧑‍⚖️ Code of Conduct

> We take our open source community seriously and hold ourselves and other contributors to high standards of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We take our open source community seriously and hold ourselves and other contributors to high communication standards.
```

> communication. By participating and contributing to this project, you agree to uphold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By participating and contributing to this project, you agree to uphold
```

our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/blob/master/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).

## 🛫 Getting Started

Contributions are made to this repo via Issues and Pull Requests (PRs). A few general guidelines that cover both:

- To report security vulnerabilities, please contact [support@zenml.io](mailto:support@zenml.io), which is monitored by
  our security team.
- Search for existing Issues and PRs before creating your own.

> - We work hard to makes sure issues are handled in a timely manner but, depending on the impact, it could take a while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We work hard to make sure issues are handled on time, but it could take a while to investigate the root cause depending on the impact.

```

>   to investigate the root cause. A friendly ping in the comment thread to the submitter or a contributor can help draw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A friendly ping in the comment thread to the submitter or a contributor can help draw
```

>   attention if your issue is blocking.

Reviewer: May be instead of `blocking` would it make sense to write `blocked`?

Author: No, blocking is correct here - as in blocking a task/feature/...

The best way to start is to check
the [`good-first-issue` label](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/labels/good%20first%20issue) on the issue board. These

> issues are created by the core team as important smaller tasks that you can work on in order to get deeper into ZenML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core team creates these issues as necessary smaller tasks that you can work on to get deeper into ZenML internals.
``` 
I found it little bit difficult to read as it was in passive voice.

> internals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### ⁉️ Issues

Issues should be used to report problems with the library, request a new feature, or to discuss potential changes before
a PR is created. When you create a new Issue, a template will be loaded that will guide you through collecting and
providing the information we need to investigate.

> If you find an Issue that addresses the problem you're having, please add your own reproduction information to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find an Issue that addresses your problem, please add your own reproduction information to the
```
